public/data/other/about.md, before:

# About
![A picture of me!](/data/other/max.jpg)

<blockquote>
<p>Max is my favorite of your friends because he always fills the ice trays.</p>
<footer>A friend's mom</footer>
</blockquote>

<blockquote>
<p>Seriously, in a talent show where the bar isn't too high, you could do well.</p>
<footer>A friend</footer>
</blockquote>


## Research

I previously worked as a research aide at the [University of Washington Computer Science and Engineering Department](http://www.cs.washington.edu/). I was extremely fortunate to work with [Maya Cakmak](http://www.mayacakmak.com/), [Luke Zettlemoyer](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~lsz/), and [Rajesh P. N. Rao](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~rao/). I spent most of my time in the [Human-Centered Robotics Lab](https://sites.google.com/site/humancenteredrobotics/) with Rosie, the resident PR2.

I'm broadly interested in artificial intelligence, including natural language processing, robotics, and machine learning. Specifically, I aim to explore a machine learning-driven approach to situated language understanding, linking natural language processing with robotics.


## Projects

My non-academic project interests include:

0. Programming: data visualization, games, web programming
0. Music composition and performance (I play jazz sax and piano)
0. Clothing modification (this one is nascent)


## Current

I work as a software engineer at Google on the open-source project [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) as well as [Google Container Engine](https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/).

If you'd like to get in touch, please don't hesitate to email me at <img alt="my email address as a sneaky image" src="/data/other/email.png" class="inline" />.

Commit message:

switch markdown parser from marked to markdown-it. update content to work. minimal bookeeping updates (google to grad student).

public/data/other/about.md, after:

# About
![A picture of me!](/data/other/max.jpg)

<blockquote>
<p>Max is my favorite of your friends because he always fills the ice trays.</p>
<footer>A friend's mom</footer>
</blockquote>

<blockquote>
<p>Seriously, in a talent show where the bar isn't too high, you could do well.</p>
<footer>A friend</footer>
</blockquote>


## Research

I am a first-year PhD student in artificial intelligence at the University of
Washington. My advisor is [Yejin
Choi](https://homes.cs.washington.edu/~yejin/).

I'm broadly interested in artificial intelligence, including natural language
processing, robotics, machine learning, and computer vision. Specifically, I
aim to explore a machine learning-driven approach to situated language
understanding, linking natural language processing with grounded tasks in
robotics and computer vision.

As an undergrad, I worked with [Maya Cakmak](http://www.mayacakmak.com/), [Luke
Zettlemoyer](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~lsz/), and [Rajesh P. N.
Rao](http://homes.cs.washington.edu/~rao/).

After graduating, I worked for a year in the [Human-Centered Robotics
Lab](https://sites.google.com/site/humancenteredrobotics/), spending most of my
time with Rosie, the resident PR2.

I then worked for a year a software engineer at Google on the open-source
project [Kubernetes](http://kubernetes.io) as well as [Google Container
Engine](https://cloud.google.com/container-engine/).

## Projects

My non-academic project interests include:

1. Programming: data visualization, games, web programming
1. Music composition and performance (I play jazz sax and piano)
1. Clothing modification (this one is nascent)


## Contact

If you'd like to get in touch, please don't hesitate to email me at <img
alt="my email address as a sneaky image" src="/data/other/email.png"
class="inline" />.
